# DeFi Lending option

A key benefit of tokenizing single family homes is that it enables a new form of over collateralized asset based single-family residential lending. Instead of going through the lengthy traditional underwriting process, HOT owners may have the ability to pledge their tokens as collateral for an interest-only loan from a lending facility through one or more DeFi lending pools. When such a lending solution become available, it may be administered by Roofstock or other unaffiliated third-party acting in the capacity of a loan administrator or lending pool delegate.&#x20;

As discussed previously, because the underlying assets are real-world assets, it is imperative to keep certain aspects of the off-chain and on-chain ecosystem in sync. When properties are tokenized as HOT Properties, they are required to have clear and marketable title (no liens or encumbrances). This allows the functioning of the on-chain ecosystem (e.g., DeFi lending based on the token as collateral). While the HOT owner will be restricted from performing certain activities that may put the token out of sync with the real world assets. However the HOT owner will always have the management authority to unwind their LLC from this structure. This will require that they payoff any debt and accrued liabilities.

Any loans made in connection with HOT Properties will be treated as commercial loans, with the ownership interest in the LLC (i.e., the token) serving as collateral. This program will only be available to HOT Properties that are being used as rental properties. Due to mortgage lending licensing requirements, this service will not be available to HOT owners that are owner occupants or using the underlying property for personal or family use. The HOT owner will be required to sign a business purpose affidavit explaining their intended use of the HOT Property as a rental property.&#x20;

The lending facility may initially be capitalized using Roofstock’s balance sheet with the goal to eventually be replaced or supplemented with outside capital DeFi sources. &#x20;
