# Executive Summary

Single-family residential properties have traditionally been considered a core strategy for accumulating wealth and achieving the American dream. Over the last 15 years, single-family residential properties have proven their resilience through both the great recession of 2008 and the COVID-19 pandemic of 2020, serving as a non-correlated, inflation-adjusted alternative to traditional public equity markets and crypto assets. Although homeownership (whether used as owner occupied or rental property) provides a mechanism for building long-term wealth, there are several challenges:

**High friction in purchasing homes**: Home buyers need to be knowledgeable about both the local market and the specific home they wish to purchase. The process of sourcing, performing diligence and selecting a potential home involves significant time and expertise, and usually requires a trusted and reliable network of real estate agents, contractors, property managers (if used as a rental property) and so on. While there are tech-forward real estate platforms that make this process easier, the traditional process of purchasing a home still involves multiple intermediaries, and the entire process takes weeks to complete. This pain point is even more acute for purchasers of remote properties. Although residents in many metropolitan areas and coastal cities find themselves priced out of the areas in which they live, they may still be able to access the benefits of home ownership by purchasing a property in another geography for use as a rental or vacation home.

**High transaction costs**: Residential real estate transactions involve high costs, which frequently equate to 5-10% of the value of the property. For example, the sale of a $200,000 property could involve 6% in real estate commissions ($12,000), 1% in closing costs ($2,000), variable property rehabilitation costs ($5,000 for illustrative purposes) and opportunity cost of lost rent if the property was used as a rental (3 months at $1,500 per month or $4,500 for illustrative purposes). The all-in cost could be $23,500, or over 10% of the sale price. Blockchain technology is uniquely suited to reduce high transaction costs that are paid to rent-seeking intermediaries by facilitating peer to peer transactions.

**Access to credit**: Traditional home loans are underwritten based on the borrower’s credit and income, even though the property itself serves as collateral to the loan. Personal credit scores and the debt-to-income (DTI) requirements have a significant impact on an individual’s ability to qualify for real estate loans. Additionally, for crypto native investors who may not have established relationships with the traditional banking and credit system, this becomes an even more significant challenge.

**The Roofstock Solution:** Roofstock is an innovator in the single-family residential space. We have transacted over $5 billion of single-family homes since our inception in 2015, of which over $2 billion was transacted in 2021. Roofstock currently serves over 70 residential markets in the US and is continually expanding its capabilities to add new markets.&#x20;

Roofstock onChain is a dedicated **web3 business unit** that is developing a blockchain enabled ecosystem to facilitate frictionless home ownership and radically simplify how single-family residential properties are bought and sold. Our web3 ecosystem will comprise of:

a. Roofstock onChain Marketplace: Roofstock is developing the Home Ownership Token (HOT) standard that comprises of a modified ERC-721 contract, definition of the metadata structure, data room requirements and form documents for the LLC Agreement and Token Purchase Agreement. The HOT standard ensures that any HOT (on-chain asset) is always in sync with both the LLC and the underlying property (off-chain Real World Assets). Approved issuers who conform to the HOT standard will be able to create and offer and their HOT Property collections for sale on the Roofstock onChain marketplace.

b. Access to an off-chain ecosystem: Roofstock is established in 70+ residential markets and has relationships with contractors, property managers, insurance providers etc., HOT Owners will have the option to leverage these relationships from Roofstock's off-chain SFR ecosystem.

c. Access to DeFi lending pools: The Roofstock onChain platform is working on setting up relationships with DeFi lending protocols that will allow some HOT owners (restricted to rental properties for now) to be able to receive on-chain leverage using their HOT as collateral (without requiring credit underwriting of the HOT purchaser).

d. On-chain and off-chain liquidity options: HOT Owners will have the ability to list their tokens for sale in the Roofstock onChain marketplace (subject to updated inspection and valuation, as the underlying property is a real world asset) or redeem their tokens and receive off-chain LLC or property ownership to avail liquidity through traditional means.

e. Strong web3 community: Roofstock onChain's goal is to become the platform for tokenized single family residential properties. As a part of this goal, we are building a strong web3 community that will have the opportunity to vote on various proposals and help chart the evolution of the platform.&#x20;
