# On-chain Lending Solution

A key benefit of tokenizing single family homes is that it enables a new form of over collateralized asset based single-family residential lending. Instead of going through the lengthy traditional underwriting process, HOT owners may have the ability to pledge their tokens as collateral for an interest-only loan from a lending facility through one or more DeFi lending pools. Should such a lending solution become available, it may be administered by Roofstock or other unaffiliated third-party (TradFi or DeFi) acting in the capacity of a loan administrator or lending pool delegate.&#x20;

Since Home Ownership Tokens represent real-world assets (RWAs), it is imperative to keep certain aspects of the off-chain and on-chain ecosystem in sync. When properties are tokenized as HOT Properties, they are required to have clear and marketable title (no liens or encumbrances). The LLC Operating agreement will further prohibit the HOT Owner from taking any action that may put the token out of sync with the underlying LLC or property. This allows the functioning of the on-chain ecosystem (especially a DeFi lending based on the token as collateral). The HOT owner will however have the management authority to unwind their LLC from this structure. This will require payoff off any debt and accrued liabilities.

Any loans made in connection with HOT Properties will be treated as commercial loans, with the ownership interest in the LLC (i.e., the token) serving as collateral. This program will only be available to HOT Properties that are being used as rental properties. Due to mortgage lending licensing requirements, this service will not be available to HOT owners that are owner occupants or using the underlying property for personal or family use. The HOT owner will be required to sign a business purpose affidavit explaining their intended use of the HOT Property as a rental property.&#x20;

The lending facility may initially be capitalized using Roofstock’s balance sheet with the goal to eventually be replaced or supplemented with outside capital DeFi sources. &#x20;
