# Onboard a Property as a Home Ownership Token

Prospective HOT Owners have two options to onboard a property as a Home Ownership Token. Anyone who holds unencumbered title to a home can ask Roofstock to tokenize it. Roofstock will coordinate the transfer of title from the homeowner to a newly formed, single purpose LLC. This will be subject to the traditional title transfer process, which unfortunately may take a few weeks. Roofstock has broker relationships and employs dozens of transaction coordinators who specialize in these types of transfers and can manage every step of the process, from engaging a title company to collecting signatures and handling notarization. Similarly, Roofstock will create the LLC using a standardized LLC agreement that has been structured specifically for tokenization.&#x20;

The second way to mint a property is for a potential home buyer to ask Roofstock to acquire a property on their behalf, tokenize it, and sell them the Home Ownership Token without ever directly taking title to the underlying property. The advantage of this approach is that Roofstock can assist with purchasing the property, using its existing acquisition and underwriting processes (including its extensive team of agents and transaction coordinators) and make a cash offer on the buyer’s behalf (no need for making an offer with a financing or other contingencies). Roofstock will purchase the home and manage the closing process. As part of this process, it will create a new, single purpose LLC, title the home in the name of the LLC and, following closing, tokenize the LLC interest. Once the home has been purchased and tokenized, the buyer will then complete its purchase of the token, which can be done using US dollars or cryptocurrency.&#x20;

Both of these options offer compelling ways to enter the HOT universe. Of course, given that these necessarily involve some of the traditional aspects of real estate closings, they will not be “one click” transactions. However, Roofstock has successfully closed literally tens of thousands of home purchases and sales and can leverage its extensive expertise to ensure these are completed as expediently as possible. &#x20;
